Allow config DependencyFactory (#653)
doctrine/DoctrineORMModule: docs/configuration.rst

        ],
    ];

Set a Custom configuration into DependencyFactory
-------------------------------

.. code:: php

    return [
        'doctrine' => [
            'configuration' => [
                'orm_default' => [
                    'dependency_factory_services' => [
                        'serviceToOverwrite' => 'youService'
                    ],
                ],
            ],
        ],
    ];

> Note : 'youService' has to be defined in your DIC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        'service_to_overwrite' => 'custom_service_id'
                    ],
                ],
            ],
        ],
    ];

Note : 'custom_service_id' has to be defined in your DIC
```

This configuration allow you, for example, to define a custom version comparator

.. code:: php

    return [
        'doctrine' => [
            'configuration' => [
                'orm_default' => [
                    'dependency_factory_services' => [
                        \Doctrine\Migrations\Version\Comparator::class => MyComparator::class
                    ],
                ],
            ],
        ],
    ];

> List of service that can be overwrite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration allows you, for example, to define a custom version comparator

.. code:: php

    return [
        'doctrine' => [
            'configuration' => [
                'orm_default' => [
                    'dependency_factory_services' => [
                        \Doctrine\Migrations\Version\Comparator::class => MyComparator::class
                    ],
                ],
            ],
        ],
    ];

List of services that can be overwritten
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

```
